hey dolls it Theodore here how's your
summer going I hope you're having as
much fun as I am I love the summer
I love being tan I love the beach I love
going to Palm Springs and I love
fabulous summer updos I'm gonna show you
how to do this one it's really quick
absolutely one that you can try yourself
we're gonna keep the hair off the neck
but you're not gonna look too severe so
let's get started this look is gonna
start by just making a quick little
section here right by the ear I'm just
gonna divide this in half start by
rolling the side and this creates like a
little twist around the hairline and
then I'm just gonna pin that back and
we're gonna pull a few pieces down just
to keep this off and I'm gonna do the
same thing on the other side all right
so now you've got your two sides twisted
go ahead and section those away I'm just
gonna run a little brush right over the
top a little bit of hairspray just to
sort of teams and flyaways this is the
fun part gather your hair as if you were
doing a low low ponytail we've all done
a ponytail this is the new me crazy put
two fingers above the hand that's
holding the ponytail now I'm gonna take
the ends I'm gonna pull them up as I'm
twisting my fingers around to the other
side so basically they're facing out and
now they're facing in and you've created
a little chignon now take the ends of
this section wrap them around the top
hold it and secure with a pin or two or
three or four depending on how much here
you have add a little spray just to
clean that up so we've got our little
twisty side and you're not going to
twist it you're gonna wrap it so wrap
that around this section and wrap the
end
this makes it look a lot fatter which I
love and then I'm gonna again go in with
my trusty bobby pins and secure away so
see it looked really tight before but
now when you bring the sides in it looks
a lot fuller alright so we've got this
side wrap and then we just tuck that in
with a pin now you take the other side
that you had twisted and just smooth it
out a little bit maybe a little
hairspray for flyaways and then I'm just
gonna wrap that around and you're doing
it loosely because you're not trying to
create too much tightness you just want
it to be full and pop in a bobby pin it
is so important dolls to use bobby pins
that match your hair so you can get away
with a lot
calm down any flyaways you know I love
my trusty chopstick just to really
delicately it just fine hairs that can
be out of place now I'm here at the
front up and I'm going to use my wrought
iron you know I love my glam flick iron
and I'm gonna wrap it away from the face
and I'm gonna leave that end out just a
little bit I'm just gonna finish this
off right around the face wrap that
around a weight in the face hold it I
like to build a top we don't wanna be
like that girl there we go and just let
these sections cool I'm just gonna go
ahead and slide in here and slowly just
brush this from the bottom I got a
comment and someone was asking how do I
brush my hair without it getting frizzy
and once you do a set like this if you
go from the bottom you're gonna much
more control this is a perfect up style
for any summer event you've got going on
and remember it came together pretty
simply we started with just four air
dried hair and basically divided the
sides here and then we tucked it into a
low pony did my little two finger trick
wrap the ends around the top and then
join the right side to the left side and
the left side to the right side
crisscross in creating this beautiful
shape here and then there's just a few
little waves right in the front and you
are good to go to any special event look
in your summer best and you did it
yourself so congratulations to you all
right we're all set give me a thumbs up
if you like this style and let me know
what you think in the comment section
also if you want to check out this
step-by-step guide I have the blog that
comes out on Fridays and it's a big
girls in the beauty department on
glamour calm and please send me an
Instagram or tweet if you try it alright
bye dolls